In the final project I created an application that allows for users to follow stocks that they like and reference them in posts to be discussed on a global forum. The users can like these posts and they can also just post about things in general. When the application is first run if the user is not logged in, they will be prompted to be create an accout or log in and from there they will have to choose stocks to follow. These stocks are validated on the server side before they are presented to the user using the yahoo finance and further details will be included in the requirements.txt FinalProject/finalproject. A video of how the application is used will be included in the repository. The format is very standard for this course, all of the react code being found in the index.html file and multiple css pages for the multiple pages. The page is mobile responsive and fully functional. The project allows for users to store stocks they like in a sql database and these stocks are validated on the serverside before being stored. The stored stocks are then presented on a page that uses the bootstrap grid layout that responds to the window size, which allows for mobile users to have an equally enjoyable experience. The likes are stored in the sql database and when the likes are serialized(the user is viewing the posts section) the user knows if they have liked the post and the like button will change in response to that. The posts check if the user posted the post and if so then the user will be able to see an edit button on them. I am using a seperate API for getting the stock data so this shows that I am accessing complex data from elsewhere and formatting the data that is being received. I have inlcuded animations and made the application very reactive using react to repsond to the users inputs and changes of data.

The views.py file contains the main route codes and the modules that are being used for the project. The finalProject/static/finalproject folder contains all of the css that was used. The css files are the css for the log in and register account pages and then the css for the main page. The image(logo.svg) is the logo that I created for the website. In the templates/finalProject I have all my html files. This includes the layout file that is the basic layout for the main page. In my main page I have all my react code that is being used and provides for the functionality for the entire page. The logout page is also available and the functionality for that page is provided on the server side.

In order to run the program when running the main route, the user will be sent to the log in route and they will have to click the register a new account. Once the user has made an account they will have to choose stocks. The user should input their stocks in the format: TICKER1,TICKER2 avoiding spaces between them. In other words the stock tickers should be comma seperated. To see it in use look at the video that was provided. The user can then click on the stock buttons that are generated and can see the information on it. They can also push reference in a post, of they do they will change the page and a text field will appear. The ticker will surronded in vertical bars(ex: ||AAPL||) and those should not be deleted as they allow for the ticker to become a link to view that stocks information. The user can also navigate to the view posts page and push new post to create a new post as well that does not reference a stock. If the user has posted they will see that one of the posts will have an edit button which allows for the to change the contents of the post. If the user wants to change their followed stocks they must be viewing the stocks that they already follow for the popup to be visible.# DJANGOPROJECT
# DJANGOPROJECT
